proj2
=====
A README.md file at the top level of the directory, that includes a brief commentary explaining (a) what concerns you identified, and how you separated them; (b) what the program modules are, what their dependences are on one another, and whether there are any dependences that should ideally be eliminated; (c) how you exploited functionals in your code; (d) any interesting design ideas you had or tradeoffs that you made.

(a) There was the model for the game, which keeps track of which cells are alive at which point, and can step through time according to the rules of the game.
(b) There are: index.html, which depends on everything else. Board.js is the model and depends on nothing else. BoardViewController depends on controller.js, because all handlers are defined in controller.js, while BoardViewController.js constructs the view for the cells and passes them into methods in controller.js to add the click handler. There is functionalUtils.js, which provide some helpful functionals that are used in Board.js, tests.js, and BoardViewController.js. There is a presets.js, which are used by BoardViewController and controller.js; this simply defines some preset board configurations. 
(c) The best examples of functionals can be seen in those defined in functionalUtils.js and where those are called in Board.js, tests.js, and BoardViewController.js. 
(d) I made one file to display the view based on the model, and another for all the other actions on the view the user could perform. I was slightly annoyed that I had to have BoardViewController.js call a function in controller.js. I would have liked to simply create all the img elements in BoardViewController and then add the listeners separately in controller.js, but I needed the click handler to be defined knowing what the indices of the image were, which meant it had to be defined on creation, when it still had access to the array. # game-of-life
